c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\News.dll.config
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\News.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\News.pdb
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\obj\Debug\News.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\obj\Debug\News.dll
c:\users\tina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\News\News\obj\Debug\News.pdb
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\News.dll.config
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\News.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\News.pdb
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\obj\Debug\News.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\obj\Debug\News.dll
C:\Users\qqw\Desktop\News\News\obj\Debug\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\News.dll.config
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\obj\Debug\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.25\News\obj\Debug\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\News.dll.config
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\obj\Debug\News.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\obj\Debug\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.26\News12.26\News\obj\Debug\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\News.dll.config
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\obj\Debug\News.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\obj\Debug\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.28\News12.28\News12.26\News\obj\Debug\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\News.dll.config
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\obj\Debug\News.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\obj\Debug\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News12.30\News12.28\News12.26\News\obj\Debug\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\News.dll.config
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\obj\Debug\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\obj\Debug\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\News.dll.config
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\obj\Debug\News.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\obj\Debug\News.dll
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\新闻门户网站\News 1.1\News\obj\Debug\News.pdb
C:\Users\Tina\Desktop\News 1.1\News\obj\Debug\News.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\News.dll.config
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\News.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\News.pdb
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\obj\Debug\News.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\obj\Debug\News.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\obj\Debug\News.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\obj\Debug\News.dll
C:\Users\Glas Fie\Desktop\News 1.1\News\obj\Debug\News.pdb
